[IMP] spreadsheet: new functions 19.0 (#15884)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/spreadsheet/work_with_data/functions.rst

     - `Excel NPV article <https://support.microsoft.com/office/npv-function-8672cb67-2576-4d07-b67b-ac28acf2a568>`_
   * - ODOO.ACCOUNT.GROUP(type)
     - Returns the account ids of a given group (not compatible with Excel)
   * - ODOO.BALANCE(account_codes, date_range, [offset], [company_id], [include_unposted])
     - Get the total balance for the specified account(s) and period (not compatible with Excel)
   * - ODOO.BALANCE.TAG(account_tag_ids, [date_range], [offset], [company_id], [include_unposted])

>      - Get the balance of a list of accounts (not compatible with Excel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Return the balance of accounts for the specified tag(s) and period (not compatible with Excel)
```

     - `Excel PROPER article <https://support.microsoft.com/office/proper-function-52a5a283-e8b2-49be-8506-b2887b889f94>`_
   * - REPLACE(text, position, length, new_text)
     - `Excel REPLACE article <https://support.microsoft.com/office/replace-replaceb-functions-8d799074-2425-4a8a-84bc-82472868878a>`_
   * - REGEXEXTRACT(text, pattern, [return_mode], [case_sensitivity])
     - `Excel EGEXEXTRACT article <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/regexextract-function-4b96c140-9205-4b6e-9fbe-6aa9e783ff57>`_
   * - RIGHT(text, [number_of_characters])
     - `Excel RIGHT article <https://support.microsoft.com/office/right-rightb-functions-240267ee-9afa-4639-a02b-f19e1786cf2f>`_
   * - SEARCH(search_for, text_to_search, [starting_at])
     - `Excel SEARCH article <https://support.microsoft.com/office/search-searchb-functions-9ab04538-0e55-4719-a72e-b6f54513b495>`_
   * - SPLIT(text, delimiter, [split_by_each], [remove_empty_text])
     - Divides text around a specified character or string, and puts each fragment into a separate

>        cell in the row (not compatible with Excel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Split text by specific character delimiter(s) (not compatible with Excel)
```

     - Description or link
   * - ODOO.ACCOUNT.GROUP(type)
     - Returns the account ids of a given group (not compatible with Excel)
   * - ODOO.BALANCE(account_codes, date_range, [offset], [company_id], [include_unposted])
     - Get the total balance for the specified account(s) and period (not compatible with Excel)
   * - ODOO.BALANCE.TAG(account_tag_ids, [date_range], [offset], [company_id], [include_unposted])

>      - Get the balance of a list of accounts (not compatible with Excel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Return the balance of accounts for the specified tag(s) and period (not compatible with Excel)
```
